Let's move on to the next social network,
which is Twitter.
So Twitter will, once we start doing a
very similar exercise in the same folder,
we're gonna build on the Open Graph
folder again for the next exercise.
You'll see that we have to do
only a little bit of extra work
to make things look great for Twitter.
For one, they are now officially
honoring Open Graph tags.
So for title and description,
you can put that in there once, and
you make both of these parties happy.
There are a couple different
tags that we do have to add, and
there's a little bit different
treatment of images,
because they want a different
size than what we give Facebook.
So we're gonna cover all of that ground
that you need to layer on top of this
thing that we've already built to make it
show up on Twitter in as rich a way as
possible.
But first,
let's talk about these three tags.
So we've got card, site, and creator.
When we think about card,
this is almost like the equivalent of
the og:type meta tag that we use for
Open Graph.
And this really has a strong effect.
It has a big effect on how
your card is rendered.
So this is what you get if you have
a twitter:card of type summary.
You provide an image of the right size,
right?
You get something that looks like this.
If we go with a summary_large_image card,
you get a much larger image,
like a more widescreen orientation,
instead of a square.
And the title and
description are placed underneath it.
So whenever possible, large images
are gonna get way more engagement.
So you want to, unless you have some
constraint where you've only got tiny
little images, and they look like crap
when you size them up, aim for this.
People will want to click on it much more.
In addition, so
those two work on any site.
We're gonna be able to
get those working today.
There is another type
that you have to ask for
permission to be whitelisted for,
and that is a player card.
And so is one that I use for my talks, my
conference talks that I put on my website,
where you get a video player
that's embedded right in the tile.
And you see you can click that
Play button, and it will work.
There are ways to get your
keyframe to show up properly.
So that's a good video tip here,
by the way.
Make sure that the keyframe of your
video is, which is sort of like this,
the image that is there before
you start playing the video.
Oftentimes, you can upload an image
that's not an actual frame of the video.
And you can have the title across it,
and a little picture of yourself, or
whatever is appropriate there,
but you can use it.
Almost like the cover of a DVD, where it's
an opportunity to sort of decorate things,
and brand them a little bit.
In this case, I have screwed that up.
It is still screwed up, right?
I don't claim to be someone that
practices what I preach, but
all of these things I'm describing
to you are on my to-do list.
So it is nice though that I can share
a conference talk, and then someone
right within the Twitter app can start
playing it, and it'll start playing.
I'm not hosting my own videos.
So part of what you have to provide
when you use the player card is
the URL of a video, right,
the actual source of the video file.
And then you can say here is the URL
of the webpage containing that video.
So I found a middle ground here
where I shared a YouTube video.
And I figured out from a YouTube video ID
the form of that URL for the source video.
So I'm pointing to YouTube for that.
But I'm pointing to my own site for
if you clicked on the body of this card,
you would go there, not to YouTube.
So you can find a nice little medium
there where you sort of hedge between I
don't wanna host my own video,
cuz that's not my business.
Frontend Masters would certainly
host our own video, right, yes?
>> If you were doing this kind of thing,
would you have
the impulse to put your video
as a two minute preview thing?
Or would you actually want the player to
have your full however many hours video?
>> That is a great question.
So if we go back to being
objective driven, sir, and
I'm sorry, I'm not picking on you.
I know it's the second time I've
used that as the response here.
You want people to eventually
end up on your site, right?
So maybe you've got intercom,
or some embedded chat, and
you wanna try to engage with them.
Maybe you have a call to action that
you're ultimately trying to get
people to sign up.
Oftentimes, it's useful to have a public
video that's available that you're
sharing.
And then at the end, you can have some
of these little hot zones where you
can click right within the video surface
where they can pick up from there, and
see the full thing.
But that'll be a link to your site where
you might have if you're using YouTube,
you'd have a an unlisted video
that's embedded in your site.
So people couldn't come across
that via organic search, but
they will be able to see
the whole thing on your site.
The downside there is that's two
videos with two sets of ratings.
And so if someone shares this,
or they like it,
you don't know if they're gonna like it
in the preview, or like both of them.
And so it's sort of a judgment call.
This would be a good thing to split test,
for sure.
I think if your primary product is videos,
I wouldn't hesitate to
show the whole thing.
If your primary product is videos,
I would do a teaser, and
then the full thing on your site.
In my case,
my primary thing is training people.
And so if I give a talk fluent about web
security, I'm fine with that being public.
I've already given it
out in a public setting.
And in fact, the conference has
probably already published it.
So at least here though, I will tend to,
sorry conference organizers,
I will tend to post it on my own site and
share that, rather than sharing it from
their site, because I want
the traffic to come into me.
>> So it'd be the question between if
it's more interesting to the objective to
get people into your actual website,
versus I want a view on this video.
>> If you wanna view on the video,
put the video out there.
If you want people to
come to your website,
give them a delicious little breadcrumb.
And then they'll follow you into their
site, but then carefully craft that
thing to where that video is
wrapping up with more available.
Here are the things we're gonna cover.
And make it a proper call to action at
the end, rather than just for more,
click here.
Make it enticing, and
put that in the video, right?
Make the pitch to them with a person,
right?
But a great card here, it's not hard.
There are no qualifications to having
to put the player card in here,
except that you must have already
put the metadata in place.
And then submit it to Twitter, and
they just wanna see that you
have set your stuff up properly.
My suspicion is it may be just
a bandwidth concern on their end,
where they don't want tons of
people putting themselves forward
as we have these player cards,
and here are tons of videos.
And it's just an attempt to
get people to engage more.
But really, it's not real content,
if that makes sense,
cuz it's a heavier file to
download than an image, yeah?
>> When you say you're asking for
permission, are you asking for
permission per page-
>> Per domain.
>> Per source?
>> So your domain has to be whitelisted.
>> Okay.
>> So I'll show you an example of
the rejection notice we get from
the Heroku URLs.
They probably want it to be like,
it's nice for it to be an HTTPS domain,
cuz then they can see this person
bought an SSL certificate.
Maybe they're an extended
validation thing that
I don't know what
the verification process is.
All I know is I haven't really heard
of people getting rejected from it.
And it took me about two days for
them to come back, right?
And I just have conference talks on there.
I'm not a huge moneymaker,
in terms of people watching these things.
There's another kind of Twitter
card called an app card, and
this links to an app store of some sorts.
If you look closely at this,
you can see that we see a rating at
the bottom of the description that tells
us how many reviews there are, and
what the average review was.
In this, you'll want to use one
of these services that will,
based on user agent, send people
to the appropriate app store link.
You get one URL to use here
as what you're sharing.
And obviously,
some people need the iPhone app.
Some people need the Android app,
and there are plenty of services.
And people sometimes build their
own services where you hit them.
And then if it looks like an Android
device, you go here, and iOS goes there.
So there were two meta tags that I
showed you when we first started doing,
going through Twitter, and
they were site and creator.
These are not visible currently, but
I wanted to show you the 2013 API.
The look and feel of Twitter, because at
any time, Twitter could change their UI.
And you want your metadata to be in place,
so that if they start to resurface some of
these things, which by the way, these
are things they still ask people to do.
They still recommend that you place
these meta tags in your HTML.
They may elect to surface these again.
So what we're seeing
here is it is a tweet, or
a link that was shared that is associated
with a Twitter account called the WebMate.
So that would be the site.
That's the site, the WebMate, right?
And you can see they get a link and
their Twitter avatar next to that,
because we basically say this
is the site's Twitter account.
This corresponds with
this Twitter account.
Below that,
the second arrow points to the actual
author who has their own Twitter account.
So they get credit for
writing this article as well, so
that is the disambiguation
between a creator and a site.
Usually it will be a business, and then
an individual person that is the author.
And again, you will not see
these pieces of data showing
up in April 2017 Twitter UI
that I can tell.
And I've only checked Windows and web,
or I've checked the Windows native app,
the OSX native app, and
the web experience and the iOS app.
So maybe it's on Android.
But at some point, it looked like this.
And at any time, it could go back.
So strongly advise you put it
in there if it's pertinent.
This would be for The New York Times
Fine Arts page, and here's the author.
That's the appropriate context for this.
>> As a note on that, for a while,
they were actually using that as
a permission into Twitter analytics.
>> Yes, so this is still definitely
used in Twitter analytics.
It's just not surface to users.
So that's a good benchmarking tool,
right, for which of my authors
are writing about the hottest things
that are getting the most engagement?
But it's not visible in user land,
as far as I know.
So the image requirements for Twitter
are a little different than Facebook.
So for the summary image, right, that was
the first card that I showed you with
the small square image to the left of
the textual part of the little rich card.
So that's 150 by 150 pixels square.
And then you need 560 by 300
to use summary large image you
need to cover that area,
exceed both dimensions, right?
If you provide an insufficiently
large image for
summary_large_image, you'll fall
back to the summary card style.
And you may note that one
is a square image, and
one is almost a two to one aspect ratio.
So the crop job, it looks awful.
I mean, it's just gonna take the middle.
It's gonna turn into a durance
course on social optimum,
which is now what I'm teaching here.
We're not learning about durance here.